README.md, before:

# IBM Integration Bus

in the iib subfolder, you find the Dockerfile that allows you to install any version of IIB.
All you have to do is pass the version number as a build arg.

```sh
docker build -t ibm/iib --build-arg PRODUCT_VERSION="10.0.0.8" ./iib
```

or alternatively you can use the env file and the build script.

```sh
cd iib
source .envrc
./bin/build
```

## IIB toolkit

if you are on linux, you can execute the following command to start IIB toolkit GUI

```sh
docker run --env DISPLAY --volume $HOME/.Xauthority:/home/iibuser/.Xauthority ibm/iib toolkit
```

## docker-compose

> .envrc

```sh
#!/usr/bin/env bash

if [[ -z "$XAUTHORITY" ]]; then
	export XAUTHORITY="$HOME/.Xauthority"
fi

```

> docker-compose.yaml

```yaml
---
services:
  iib:
    build:
      context: https://github.com/adamluzsi/docker-ibm-iib.git
      args:
        VERSION: 10.0.0.8
    network_mode: host
    environment:
      - DISPLAY
    volumes:
      - "${XAUTHORITY}:/home/iibuser/.Xauthority:ro"
    ports:
      - 4414:4414
      - 7800:7800

```

## Caveat

By using this Dockerbuild you accept the terms of the IBM Integration Bus for Developers license.
i hold no responsibility for any consequences of missuse of this image other than development.

Commit message:

configure rsyslogd for accept logging from iib

README.md, after:

# IBM Integration Bus

in the iib subfolder, you find the Dockerfile that allows you to install any version of IIB.
All you have to do is pass the version number as a build arg.

```sh
docker build -t ibm/iib --build-arg PRODUCT_VERSION="10.0.0.8" ./iib
```

or alternatively you can use the env file and the build script.

```sh
cd iib
source .envrc
./bin/build
```

## IIB toolkit

if you are on linux, you can execute the following command to start IIB toolkit GUI

```sh
docker run --env DISPLAY --volume $HOME/.Xauthority:/home/iibuser/.Xauthority ibm/iib toolkit
```

## docker-compose

> .envrc

```sh
#!/usr/bin/env bash

if [[ -z "$XAUTHORITY" ]]; then
	export XAUTHORITY="$HOME/.Xauthority"
fi

```

> docker-compose.yaml

```yaml
---
services:
  service-on-iib:
    build:
      context: https://github.com/adamluzsi/docker-ibm-iib.git
      args:
        VERSION: 10.0.0.8
    network_mode: host
    environment:
      - DISPLAY
    volumes:
      - "${XAUTHORITY}:/home/iibuser/.Xauthority:ro"
    ports:
      - 4414:4414
      - 7800:7800

```

## enable logging

As root user, start the rsyslogd
```sh
/usr/sbin/rsyslogd
```

## Caveat

By using this Dockerbuild you accept the terms of the IBM Integration Bus for Developers license.
i hold no responsibility for any consequences of missuse of this image other than development.
